f-rating@0.2.0 - Add stars implementation to initial generator code. (#2165)
justeat/fozzie-components: packages/components/molecules/f-rating/README.md

The props that can be defined are as follows (if any):

| Prop          |   Type   | Required | Default | Description                                           |
| :---          |:--------:|:--------:|:-------:|:------------------------------------------------------|

> | `starRating`  | `Number` |   Yes    |    -    | Sets the number of stars out of 5                     |
> | `maxStarRating`  | `Number` |    No    |    5    | Sets the number of max stars the consumer should use. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `starRating`  | `Number` |   Yes    |    -    | Sets the displayed rating (filled stars). i.e. for `2 out of x`, 2 would be the `starRating`                    |
| `maxStarRating`  | `Number` |    No    |    5    | Sets the maximum number of stars that the rating is set against. i.e. for `x out of 5`, 5 would be the `maxStarRating`  |
```

The props that can be defined are as follows (if any):

| Prop          |   Type   | Required | Default | Description                       |
| :---          |:--------:|:--------:|:-------:|:----------------------------------|

> | `starRating`  | `Number` |   Yes    |    -    | Sets the number of stars out of 5 |

Reviewer: More out of interest than anything else. Are we migrating all platforms to use 5 stars using this component, or will there be a use-case for 6 stars in the interim?

Author: That's my understand. Anyone on 6 probably will keep their current implementation until they move across although i believe they may have no choice if the api is being worked on. Ill double check this tho

> | `starRating`  | `Number` |   Yes    |    -    | Sets the number of stars out of 5 |

Reviewer: Looks like you also have a prop for `maxStarRating` too?

Author: Fixed.
